# Kenya-County-Assembly-Boundaries

Kenya County Assembly Boundaries. Omare B.A. and Omare G. 2017

Digitized by Benedict Aboki Omare and George Omare.
Edited by Benedict Aboki Omare

Attributes
1. id (string): unique identifier generated by qGIS
2. ward code (string): ward identifier designated by IEBC
3. ward (string): ward name
4. ward alias (string): Other name or spelling of ward
5. countycode (interger64): county identifier designated by IEBC
6. county (string): county name
7. const (string): constituency name
8. constcode (integer64): constituency identifier designated by IEBC
9. disamb (string): counties that have a ward with similar name
10. notes (string): observations and comments
11. rownum (string): Row number used to match records with our database
12. wardcounty (string): Concatenation of ward and county to help identify duplicate records

Digitized using Quantum GIS (QGIS) using the following tools: 
1. Georeferencer
2. Geoprocessing tools (Dissolve)
3. v.clean (break, snap, rmarea, rmsa)
4. Join attributes by location
5. Advanced editing (Merge selected features, Split features, Split parts, Node Tool)

This directory contains a subdirectory called "Counties" which contains individual folders for each county in Kenya. Individual maps and lists of wards and constituencies will be included in each of these folders.

References:
1. Proposed Constituency and County Assesmbly Wards, On the First Review RElating to the Delimitation of Boundaries of Constituencies and Boundaries of Constituencies and Wards. The Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission, 9th January 2012.
2. Exploring Kenya's Inequality. Pulling Apart or Pooling together? Kenya National Bureau of Statistics (KNBS) and Society for International Development (SID). 2013.
3. OpenStreetMap

Map specifications: Scale = 1: 50,000; CRS = EPSG: 4326, WGS 84; Encoding = UTF-8 

Disclaimer:
The datasets included in this repository were derived from digital databases developed by the authors. The designations employed and the presentation of material in this repository do not imply the expression of any opinion on territory, area, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. Care was taken in the creation of these maps but the authors can not guarantee that they are correct, accurate or comprehensive. The authors cannot accept any responsibility for errors, omissions, or positional accuracy. Notification of any errors will be appreciated.
